Directory Structure
----------------
* `include`
   Contains all the header files for the project.

*  `plots`
   Contains collected data and generated plots from various runs.

* `benchmarks`
   Contains plots/data generated for benchmarking purposes

*  `scripts`
   Collection of python and shell scripts for parsing data, scheduling jobs etc.
   
   * `hyperion`
   Scripts meant to be run on the cluster front-end
      
      * `job.sh`
      Script that starts up a job on the nodes using qsub
      
      * `parse.sh`
      Parses/collects the data generated by running jobs on the cluster
   
   * `ZZPrinter.py`
   GDB scripts that adds a pretty-printer for ZZ and bigint types defined in NTL library

   * `bench_lineplot.py`
   generates line plots using benchmarking data from a json file and matplotlib

   * `bench_plot.py`
   uses matplotlib to generate bar plots using benchmarking data from json file

   * `p2_1_plot.py`
   plot data generate by `p2_1` program

   * `plot.py`
   parses and plots interpolation data generate using `hyperion/parse.sh`

* `src`
   * `strategy_1`
   Contains source files for programs specific to the first construction of order-2 Carmichael numbers with two non-rigid factors that accepts parameter L and M.
      
   * `strategy_2`
   Contains source files for programs specific to the second construction of order-2 Carmichael numbers with two non-rigid factors that involves
   solving the subset-product problem twice.
   
   * `calc_density.cpp`
   Program that accepts the prime factorization of L and a limit as command-line arguments and prints out the calculate density of L
   
   * `calc_density_batch.cpp`
   Same as `calc_density.cpp` but accepts files and inputs and write output to file, for running on a cluster.
   
   * `p2_1.cpp`
   Program that writes the factorization of p^2-1 for all primes up to some bound to stdout. Data generated can be parsed by `scripts/p2_1_plot.py`
   
   * `primality.cpp`
   Contains implementation of pocklington primality test
   
   * `subset_product.cpp`
   Contains impelmentation of subset-product algorithms (brute-force and 2-set). Functions are defined in corresponding header file since they use generics.
   
   * `generate_cprimes.cpp`
   Program to generate Carmichael number of any order using general Erdos construction.
   
   * `generate_cprimes_order_2.cpp`
   Program to generate Carmichael number of order 2 using general Erdos construction.
   
   * `counting_factors.cpp`
   Module that implements methods that computes the prime factorization of an integer using a sieve.
   
   * `gen_distributions.cpp`
   Prints out all possible exponents that could put on a list of provided numbers that still keeps the 
   magnitude of the product within a provided range.  
   
   * `timer.cpp`
   Module exports methods to allow for timing of sections of code.
   
   * `util.cpp`
   Collection of utility methods.
   
   * `construct_P.cpp`
   Contains two implementations of algorithms for generating set of primes P given a parameter L and some limit.
   
   * `constuct_P_main.cpp`
   Program that parses command line arguments to get a value for the parameter L and a limit and uses the 
   specified algorithm from `construct_P.cpp` to generate a set of primes P.
   
   * `benchmarks`
   Programs that benchmark various functions using the [google benchmarking library](https://github.com/google/benchmark).


 
 Building
----------------
All binaries (except benchmarks and tests) be built by running make with target `all`.
By default all build files are placed in the generated `build` directory.

The phony target `all` generates the following binaries:

* `build/generate_cprimes`
   Program for generating Carmichael number of any order using Erdos construction and brute-force subset-product algorithm.
   
* `build/generate_cprimes_order_2`
   Program for generating Carmichael number of order-2using Erdos construction and 2-set subset-product algorithm.

* `build/construct_P`
   Target for building `construct_P_main.cpp`
   
* `build/gen_distributions`
   Target for building `gen_distributions.cpp`.
   
* `build/calc_density`
   Program to calculate the density of L.

* `build/calc_density_density`
   Program to calculate the density of large number of L values (when running a job on a cluster to collect data).
   
* `build/p2_1`
   Outputs the factorization of p^2-1 for all primes p up to some bound.
   
* `build/strategy_2/gen_nonrigid`
   Generate Carmichael numbers with two non-rigid factors

* `build/strategy_2/all_nonrigid_pairs`
   Generates list of possible non-rigid factors (i.e those that satisy all necessary conditions) given a choice for parameter L
 
Targets `tests` and `benchmarks` build all the testing and benchmarking binaries respectively.

The `build/` part is part of the target. For example, to build the `generate_cprimes_order_2` program that generates
order-2 Carmichael number with all rigid factors:
```
$ make build/generate_cprimes_order_2
$ build/generate_cprimes_order_2 5000 10 0 "2^7 3^3 5^2 7^1 11^1 13^1 17^1 19^1 29^1 31^1"
```
   
 

